c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc.dll.config
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc.dll
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\obj\Debug\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\obj\Debug\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc.dll
c:\users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\obj\Debug\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\FaleMaisTelZir.Aplicacao.dll
C:\Users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\FaleMaisTelZir.Dominio.dll
C:\Users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\FaleMaisTelZir.Aplicacao.pdb
C:\Users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\FaleMaisTelZir.Dominio.pdb
C:\Users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\FaleMaisTelZir.Infraestrutura.dll
C:\Users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\Unity.Mvc5.dll
C:\Users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\FaleMaisTelZir.Infraestrutura.pdb
C:\Users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\renan.aragao\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FaleMaisTelzir\FaleMaizTelZir.Mvc\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
